>> Brian Holt: So
that should component update.
That's for performance optimizations.
There are a bunch of others.
Let's just go see reactjs.org.
And if we go into the Docs,
Main Concepts, State and Lifecycle.
>> Brian Holt: Adding, where is it?
>> Brian Holt: There are a bunch
of these for lifecycle methods.
>> Brian Holt: API reference,
that's what I wanted.
>> Brian Holt: So there's a bunch of
these, getDerivedStateFromProps()
we chatted about, component should update,
we just talked about that one.
getSnapshotBeforeUpdate(), that one's new.
I'd have to go remember
what it actually does.
>> Brian Holt: In any case, I've never
had use before, so check that out.
It's basically I think before things
update that it'll give you the previous
props and previous states to
do various manipulations with.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, you can see here
there's a bunch, but 99% of the time,
the one that you want to
use is componentDidMount(),
that is the most useful one.
DerivedStateFromProps can be useful.
There's two of these.
They used to just be called like component
will update and component will receive
props like if you're gonna get new props,
it'll call component will receive props.
This is now called unsafe because
of the asynchronous nature that
they've moved from, React 15 was
totally synchronous all the time.
There's no async abilities whatsoever.
React 16 actually added some
new async abilities to React.
So you can do things like
suspend rendering and
resume rendering, which that API is not
stable yet or else I would show you.
I will probably be back here in six months
to tell you about it when it does finally
land because it's going to really
change how you write React.
So that's why these are unsafe now is cuz
they're unsafe across async boundaries.
So don't use the unsafe
ones if you can avoid it.
But this will get called right
before the component updates and
this will get called right
before it gets new props.
For the most part,
they will receive props.
You can do the getDerivedStateFromProps.
You would use those generally for
the same thing.
And component will update is called right
before, so the component updates, so
you can do any sort of, maybe, library
interaction and stuff kind of like that.
I think that's what get snapshot
before update is for, is so
you can do what component
will update used to be for.
And lastly, component will unmount.
We talked about that.
That's for cleaning up your mess.
We talked in passing
about ComponentDidCatch.
This is so you can catch errors and maybe
you can send things off to track.js, or
some sort of error tracking service,
or century, or
whatever you're using
to aggregate your logs.
That can be done in ComponentDidCatch and
so you can fail gracefully.
Your components really shouldn't be
throwing too many errors I hope,
but that's what that's for.
And we didn't talk about force update, so
force update basically says like,
hey React, I know that you didn't have
an event that makes you update, but
I want you to force an update right now.
You should never call it.
If you're doing something
with force update,
you're probably doing something wrong.
The only case that I can think of is,
again,
if you're integrating with some
third party library, right?
That some event is happening
outside of React and
you need to reach back and react.
I know you don't know something updated,
but it did.
For example, React Redux, the library
that connects React and Redux, calls for
sub data underneath the hood to flip.
It's like, hey, stuff happened,
I need you to re-render.
So it's usually libraries that
will call for a forced update.